https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/build-with-playwright/
Playwright Core Concepts
    Concept	Description
    TestConfig	Configure Playwright Test Runner using File (static) or API (dynamic)
    TestProject	Logical group of tests running same TestConfig and can be defined using filter.
    Test Timeout	Global (per test run), Default (per test), Expect Timeouts, Fixture Timeouts
    Fixtures	Core to Playwright test isolation. Set environment - see built-in options.
    Navigation	Using page.goto() options to craft multi-page testing workflows
    Locators	Core to Playwright auto-wait and auto-retry. Action finds target elements.
    Assertions	Core to Playwright validation of expected outcomes based on actions.
    Annotations	Tag tests to provide added context to deal with failures, focus, flakiness.
    use Options	Configure Browser (project) or BrowserContext (context) within scope.
    Page Object Models	Represent UI components by "Objects" and associate testing logic for reuse

Playwright Core Tools
    Playwright Test	The Playwright Test Runner and default CLI
    Playwright Extension	The Playwright Extension for Visual Studio Code
    Codegen	Playwright Test Generator (for automated authoring)
    UI Mode	Playwright Time Travel Experience (with Watch Mode)
    Trace Viewer	Graphical UI for exploring recorded Playwright traces.
    VS Code Debugger	Powerful debugging support using Visual Studio Code Extension.
    Playwright Inspector	Powerful debugging support from Playwright Command line.
    Built-in Reporters	Flexible reporting options, with support for customization.
    Continuous Integration	Support for wide range of CI providers (with sample config).

---- UNIT 3: Exercise: Getting Started with Playwright ----------------
mkdir learn-playwright
cd learn-playwright
npm init playwright@latest
...
✔ Success! Created a Playwright Test project at /learn-playwright

Inside that directory, you can run several commands:
  npx playwright test
    Runs the end-to-end tests.
  npx playwright test --ui
    Starts the interactive UI mode.
  npx playwright test --project=chromium
    Runs the tests only on Desktop Chrome.
  npx playwright test example
    Runs the tests in a specific file.
  npx playwright test --debug
    Runs the tests in debug mode.
  npx playwright codegen
    Auto generate tests with Codegen.

We suggest that you begin by typing:
    npx playwright test

And check out the following files:
  - ./tests/example.spec.ts - Example end-to-end test
  - ./tests-examples/demo-todo-app.spec.ts - Demo Todo App end-to-end tests
  - ./playwright.config.ts - Playwright Test configuration

Visit https://playwright.dev/docs/intro for more information. 

The output tells us that a new npm project is created with a package.json file, 
and that Playwright Test is installed. It also tells us the files that have been created:
    playwright.config.ts             - the Playwright Test Configuration file.
    .github/workflows/playwright.yml - GitHub Action for automating tests
    tests/                           - top-level folder that Playwright searches recursively for tests with an example test script.
    tests-examples/                  - staging folder with a demo todo app test script to try out.
    package.json                     - the npm project file.
--------
When we run the command "npx playwright test", you see the following output:
    Running 6 tests using 5 workers
        6 passed (4.0s)

- Playwright runs tests in parallel. It uses workers for it. 
- The number of CPU cores available determines the number of workers. 
- Playwright uses half of the available CPU cores.

To open last HTML report run:
    npx playwright show-report
- "Serving HTML report at http://localhost:9323. Press Ctrl+C to quit."
    The report gives us the following insights:
        - We have two test cases ("has title", "get started link")
        - We ran each across three browser engines (chromium, Firefox, webkit)
        - The test cases were defined in the example.spec.ts file
        - The test run took 4.0s with all six tests passing (none skipped)
    Clicking on a particular row gives you the detailed run of that test case. For example, if we select on the first one, we get the following details:
        - The test is called "has title"
        - The file name is example.spec.ts and the line number is 3
        - The test case was run on Chromium
        - The "Before Hooks" ran first. It launches the browser and sets the browser and page context (fixtures) for test isolation.
        - The Test "Action" on line 4 ran next. It resulted in navigation to a specific page.
        - Then the Test "Assertion" on line 7 executes. It validates that the page has a specific title.
        - The "After Hooks" run last. They take any context cleanup actions needed.
        - The test case took "424 ms" to complete.

To run our test only on the Chromium browser, we can use the --project option.
    npx playwright test --project chromium

---- UNIT 4: Exercise: Deconstruct a Playwright Test ----------------
Emulation https://playwright.dev/docs/emulation

device profiles - https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/main/packages/playwright-core/src/server/deviceDescriptorsSource.json
 - can select device profile and add it as a new project in the configuration file.

----
use Options https://playwright.dev/docs/test-use-options
Playwright has a use property to configure the Test Runner for the following features:
    Basic     - set baseURL (maps to "/" route) 
                and storageState (for example, load auth).
    Emulation - emulates a real device, for example, mobile or tablet
    Network   - configure connections, 
                for example, provide credentials for HTTP auth
    Recording - capture traces to help with debugging, or screenshots or video.
              - allows us to get a visual and system level understanding 
                of what happens in test execution
              - Turning on traces and recording media are time-intensive 
                actions and should be used with discretion.

---- UNIT 5: Understand Test Specification ----------------
definition: each test() method is a "Test Case" https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-testcase
definition: each executable statement in a Test Case is a "test action" that can be tracked in the reporter, trace-viewer, or UI mode tooling flows.
for each project in config
    for each Test Case:
        project.instantiate Test Case
Test cases can be grouped explicitly into "Test Suites" 
    using the test.describe() function. https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-suite
Test cases are grouped implicitly into Suites 
    based on the project they belong to, and the file they're contained in, 
    which allows Playwright to target groups of tests in various ways for execution.
Every test run has a Root suite, with 
    a child Project suite for each configured project. 
    Project suites have child File suites for each test specification 
    identified for that run. 
    The File suite can have Test Case objects (individual) and 
    Test Suite objects (explicitly grouped using describe) as children.
for each Test Run
    define Root Suite
for each Root Suite
    for each project in config
        define child Project Suite
        for each Test Specification
            define child File Suite in Project Suite
            // File Suite children can include individual Test Case objects
            // and grouped Test Suite objects (grouped using describe)
